Lie back on a flat bench. Using a medium width grip lift the bar from the rack and hold it straight over you with your arms locked. That is the starting position. From that position, breathe in and begin coming down slowly until the bar touches your middle chest, hold it for a few seconds and push the bar back to the starting position as you breathe out. Focus on pushing the bar using your chest muscles.
Lie bac on a incline bench. Using a medium-width grip lift the bar from the rack and hold it straight over you with your arms locked. This will be your starting position. As you breathe in, come down slowly until you feel the bar on your upper chest. Hold it for a few seconds and then bring the bar back to the starting position as you breathe out and push the bar using your chest muscles.
Sit on the machine with your back flat on the pad. Adjust the machine so that your upper arms are positioned parallel to the flor and take hold of the handles. This will be your starting position. Push the handles together slowly as you squeeze your chest in the middle and breathe out while holding it for a few seconds. Return back to the starting position slowly as you inhale until your chest muscles are fully streched.
Hold the pulleys in each hand, place them on a high position and step forward with one leg while pulling your arms together in front of you. This will be your starting position. While breathing in, with a slight bend on your elbows, extend your arms to the side in a wide arc until you feel a strech on your chest. Then return your arms back to the starting position as you breathe out. 
Secure your legs at the end of the decline bench, lie down with dumbbell in each hand and move them in fron of you at shoulder width and rotate your wrists forward so that your palms are facing away from you. This will be your starting position. As you breathe out push the dumbbells up using your pectoral muscles, and hold for a few seconds. Then bring your arms down to the starting position as you breathe in.
Lie down on a flat bench with a dumbbell in each hand resting to the side,slightly bent in your elbows. That will be your starting position. Next, while breathing in slowly start raising your hands until they meet in front of you, parallel to your chest. As you breathe out easily return back to the starting position and continue with repetition. 
Lie back on an incline bench with a dumbbell on each hand. Your hands should be positioned straight above your head slightly bent in your elbows. This will be your starting position. Now bring down the weights slowly to your side as you breathe in. As you breathe out, push the dumbbell up using your pectoral muscles. Hold in that position for a few seconds, and then bring your hands down to shoulder level. Continue with repetition.
Lie down on the flat bench. Unlock the bar from the rack and hold it straight over you with your arms locked. This will be your starting position. As you breathe in come down slowly until you feel the bar on your middle chest. After a second pause bring the bar back to the starting position as you breathe out. Use your chest muscles to push the bar up. Then continue with repetition.
Lie down on an incline bench and make sure your upper chest is aligned with the barbell. Unlock the bar from the rack and hold it straight over you. This will be your starting position. As you breathe in come down slowly until you feel the bar on your upper chest. After a second pause bring the bar back to the starting position as you brethe out. Then continue with repetition util you finish.
Lie back on a flat bench with feet firm on the flor. Using wide grip lift the bar from the rack and hold it straight over you with your arms locked. This will be your starting position. As you breathe in come down slowly until you feel the bar on your middle chest. After a second pause bring the bar back to the starting position as you breathe out. After few seconds holding it that way, continue with repetition.
Stand up with your torso upright while holding a barbell at a shoulder-width grip. Your palms should be facing forward and the elbows should be close to the torso. This will be your starting position. Start lifting the weight as you breathe out until the bar is at shoulder level. Then slowly start returning the bar at starting position while you breathe in.
Lie against an incline bench, with your arms holding a barbell and hanging down in a horizontal line. This will be your starting position. While keeping the upper arms stationary and breathing out, curl the weight up as high as you can while squeezing the biceps. After that slowly go to the starting position as you inhale.
Hold a barbell with both hands, palms up and a few inches apart. Stand with your torso straight and head up. This will be your starting position. Curl the bar up in a semicircular motion until the forearms touch your biceps. Exhale while you perform this motion, and then inhale while you slowly go back to the starting position.
Sit down on a flat bench holding one dumbbell in front of you between your legs. Rotate your palm until it is facing forward away from your thigh. This will be your starting position. Curl the weights forward while contracting the biceps as you breathe out. After that slowly go back to the starting position.
Sit down on a Preacher Curl Machine and select the weight. Place your hands on the machine handles with your palms facing up. This will be your starting position. Then slowly pull the handles while you exhale. Then slowly go back to the starting position as you inhale.
Grab a dumbbell in each hand and lie face down on an incline bench with your shoulders near top of the incline. This will be your starting position. Raise the dumbbells by contracting the biceps until your arms are fully flexed. Exhale as you perform this movement. Then lower the dumbbells until your arms are fully extended. Continue with repetition.
Grab a dumbbell with the right arm and place the upper arm on top of the preacher bench or the incline bench with dumbbell at shoulder level. This will be your starting position. As you breathe in slowly lower the dumbbell until your upper arm is extended. As you exhale use the biceps to curl the weight up to the starting position. Continue with repetition.
Grab the E-Z curl bar at the close inner handle. The palm of your hands should be facing forward. With the upper arms positioned against the preacher bench pad hold the E-Z Curl Bar at the shoulder length. This will be your starting position. As you breathe in slowly lower the bar until your upper arm is extended. As you exhale slowly go back to the starting position and continue repetition.
Stand up with your torso upright while holding a cable curl bar that is atached to a low polley. This will be your starting position. as you breathe out curl the weights while contracting the biceps until you reach shoulder level. Only the forearms should move. Next as you breathe in return to the starting postition and continue with repetition.
Grab an EZ-bar using a shoulder width and palms down grip. Place the upper part of both arms on top of the preacher bench and extend your arms. This will be your starting position. As you exhale use the biceps to curl the weight up until the barbell is at shoulder length. Then as you breathe in slowly return to the starting position. Continue with repetition until you finish.
In a standing position, hold a pair of dumbbbells at your side. Raise the weights directly in front of you to shoulder height with your elbows slightly bent. Then return the weights to your side. On the next repetition, raise the weights laterally out to your side to about shoulder height. Then return the weights to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Sit on an exercise bench with back support and hold two dumbbbells in front of you at upper chest level with your palms facing your body and with elbows bent. That is the starting position. Next raise your hands above your head until they're in straight position, with palms facing forward. Breathe out as you perform this movement. Then slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Stand up straight while holding a barbell using a wide and overhand grip. Bend knees slightly and bend over. Let the arms hang in front of you as they hold the bar. This will be your starting position. Pull the barbell towards your upper chest as you squeeze the rear delts and breathe out. While breathing in slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
While holding a dumbbell in each hand lay with your chest down on a slightly inclined bench. Keep the arms extended with elbows slightly bent. This will be your starting position. Now rise the arms to the side until your elbows are at shoulder height and your arms are parallel to the flor as you exhale. Then as you inhale slowly return to the starting position.
While holding a dumbbbell in each hand sit on a military bench press or utility bench. Raise the dumbbbells to the shoulder level. This will be your starting position. Now exhale and push the dumbbbells upward until your hands are extended. Then while inhaling slowly return to the starting position.
Pick a couple of dumbbbells and stand with straight torso while holding the dumbbbells with your rested hand to your side. This will be your starting position. Then as you exhale lift the dumbbbell to the front as you slightly bend over and wait for a few seconds. Then as you inhale slowly return back to the starting position.
Load an appropriate weight onto the pins and adjust the seat for your height. Sit on the seat grab the handles.This will be your starting position. Press the handles upward by extending trought the elbow. After a breaf pause at the top, return the weight to the starting position slowly.
Sit down on the Shoulder Press Machine and select the weight. Grab the handles to your sides as you keep the elbows bent and in line with your torso. This will be your starting position. Now lift the handles as you exhale and extend the arms fully. Next as you inhale slowly return back to the starting position.
Stand up with your torso upright and hold the dumbbbell in each hand resting them next to your side. This will be your starting position. As you exhale lift the weights until the dumbbbells reach shoulder level, hold it for a few seconds, and then while inhaling slowly return to the starting position.
Place a flat bench underneath a smith machine. Position the barbell at hight that you can reach and kay down on the flat bench. Grab the barbell and unlock it while holding it up. This will be your starting position. While inhaling slowly lower the barbel until it reaches your upper chest, and then slowly push it back to the starting position.
Beging by lying on the bench. Tuck your feet underneath you and arch your back. Pull the bar out of the rack without protracting your shoulders. Lower the bar to your lower chest or upper stomach. Pause when the barbell touches your torso, and then drive the bar up with as much force as possible.
Attach a rope to the bottom pulley of the pulley machine. Grasp the rope with both arms and extend them directly above your head. This will be your starting position. Next, slowly lower the rope behind your head as you hold the upper arms stationary. After that slowly return your hands to the starting position. Continue with repetition.
Lay down on a decline bench and secure your legs at the end of it. Gram dumbbbell in each hand and move them in fron of you parallel to your shoulders. This will be your starting position. Then slowly bring the dumbbells slowly by moving your forearms to your head level, and then hold it there for a few seconds and return to the starting position. Continue with repetition.
Start the exercise the same way you would a close grip bench press, but instead of having perpendicular to the torso make sure the bar is set in a direct linhe above the upper chest. This will be your starting position. Now lower slowly the bar down as if performing a lying triceps extension an inhale. When you reach the half way point slowly return to the starting position as you exhale.
Sit down on a bench with back support and grasp dumbbell with both hands and hold it overhand at arms length. This will be your starting position. Keeping your upper arms perpendicular to the flor, lower the resistance in a semicircular motion behind your head until your forearms touch your biceps. Then go back to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Start with a dumbbbell in each hand and your palms facing torso. Keep your back straight with a slight bend in your knees and bend forward at the waist till your torso is almost parallel with the flor. Keep your one arm close to your torso and parallel to the flor, and the other on the bench for better support. Then lift the weights until your arm is fully extended, and slowly return to the starting position. Then repeat.
Attach a straight or angled bar to a high pulley and grab with an overhand grip at shoulder length. Stand upright with the torso straight. Next slowly bring the bar down until it touches the front of your thighs and the arms are fully extended. Then slowly return back to the starting postition an continue with repetition.
Holding a barbell with a pronated grip bend your knees slightly and bring your torso forward by bending at the wrist keeping the back straight. The barbell should be henging in front of you. This will be your starting position. Then breathe out and lift the barbell to you. Make a small pause, an then slowly return back to the starting position. Continue with repetition.
Put weight on one of the ends of an Olympic barbell. Bent forward until your torso is almost parallel to the flor, keep your knees slightly bent and grab the barbell. Pull the bar straight up with your elbows in until the plates touch your lower chest and breathe out. Then slowly lower the bar back to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Grab the barbell with both hands and lie face down on an incline bench that is set do an incline at approximately 30 degrees. Let the arms hang fully extended as they point to the flor. This will be your starting position. As you breathe out start to pull the dumbbbells up untill the barbell touches the bench. Then slowly go back to the starting position as you breathe in. Continue with repetition.
Load an appropriate weight onto the pins and adjust the seat height so that you can reach the handles above you and grab them with both hands. Pull the handles towards your torso. Pause at the bottom of the motion and then slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Load up the T-Bar Row Machine with the desired weight and adjust the leg height so that your upper chest is at the top of the pad. Lay face down on the pad and grab the handles. Lift the bar of the rack and extend your arms in front of you. This will be your starting position. As you exhale slowly pull the weight up and stay in this position for a few seconds. Then slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Chose a flat bench and place a dumbbbell on each side of it. Put your leg right on top of the bench, bend forward with your back straight until is parallel with the flor and grab the dumbbbell in one hand wich is extended. Then slowly pull up the weight untill your upper arm is parallel to the flor, hold it for a fey seconds and then slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Stand in front of a loaded barbell. While keeping your back as straight as possible bend your knees, bend forward and grab the barbell with both hands. Then pull the weights up until you are standing straight. Next return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Lie face down on a  hyperextension bench, tucking your ankles securely under the footpads. With your body straight cross your arms in front of you or behind your head. This will be your starting position. Start bending forward slowly at the waist as far as you can keeping your back straight. Then slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Step under the bar and place the back of your shoulders across it. Hold on the bar using both arms and lift it of the rack. Place your legs at shoulder width. Thiss will be your starting position. Then slowly go down as far as you can and hold it for a fes seconds. Than slowly lift the weight up to the starting position. Continue with repetition.
Set the bar on the rack at your shoulder level. Stand underneath it, grab it with both hands and lift if of the rack. Keep your back straight and your legs at shoulder width. This will be your starting position. Then step forward with one leg and bend it in your knee as keeping your back straight. Stay in that position for a few seconds. Than slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Set the bar on the rack at your shoulder level. Stand underneath it, grab it with both hands and lift if of the rack. Keep your back straight and your legs at shoulder width. Begin to slowly lower the weight as you bend in your knees keeping your back straight. Go down as far as you can and stay in that position fo a few seconds. Then slowly return to the starting position.
Put the barbell on stands of the desired height. Slightly bent in your knees, with back straight, grab the barbell with both hands. Than stand uprightwhile holding the weights. Next, while bendig down in your knees, put the weights onto your upper  chest and stand upright. Then return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Grab a dumbbell in each hand of the desired weight and stand upright with your back straight. This will be your starting position. Then step forward with one leg and bend it in your knees until is reached 90 degrees angle. Next slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Take a dumbbell in each hand of the desired weight and stand upright with your back straight. This will be your starting position. Next, slowly bring the weights down by bending your knees as far as you can, keeping your back straight and both legs firmly on the ground. Than slowly return to the starting position.
Set the bar on a rack of then height that best suits you. Bring your arms up under the bar while keeping the elbows high, and crossed. Than grab the bar and lift it from the rack keeping your back straight. Now slowly bring the weights down by bending your knees as far as you can. Than return slowly to the starting position and continue with repetition.
Using a leg press machine, sit down on the machine and place your legs on the platform directly in front of you at a medium foot stance. Lower the safety bars holding the weight firmly with your legs extended. Now slowly lower the platform until your legs are maximum bent and touching your stomach. Than slowly return to the starting position and continue with repetition.

	